Add interactions documentation, update card interactions (#1975)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/components/card.mdx

### General

- Limit content to under 100 characters or no more than two short sentences.
- Provide a visual hierchy to content.
- Only one idea or subject in one card.
- Differentiate the card from its background using color, border, shadow, or contrast.

### Actions

- The card typically behaves as a singular action item (like a big button).
- Secondary actions should be differentiated visually and behaviorally.
- Do not include inline links/anchors.

### Interactions

- If a card does not contain an action behavior, do not provide hover feedback.
- If a card contains a secondary action behavior, provide the documented hover feedback on that secondary action only.

> - If a card has a singular action behavior, provide a hand cursor change and large elevation shadow on hover.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a card has a singular action behavior, the entire card should be clickable. Provide a hand cursor change and large elevation on hover.
```
